[Please enter your choice as the associated number: Please enter the name of your new portfolio., Would you like to add stocks to your portfolio immediately?, Please enter your desired stock in ticker form. To abort at any time, enter 'stop'., Please enter your desired quantity., Date?, Please enter your desired stock in ticker form. To abort at any time, enter 'stop'., Portfolio created with name NewP and 1 stocks., Please enter your choice as the associated number: , Which portfolio would you like to add to?, Please enter your desired stock in ticker form., Please enter your desired quantity., Date?, The stocks were added successfully., Please enter your choice as the associated number: Which portfolio would you like to rebalance?, Date?, Please enter stock symbol and its weight (e.g., AAPL 0.25). Enter 'stop' to finish., Please enter stock symbol and its weight (e.g., AAPL 0.25). Enter 'stop' to finish., Please enter stock symbol and its weight (e.g., AAPL 0.25). Enter 'stop' to finish., Error during rebalancing: No data available for the symbol: NVDA, Please enter your choice as the associated number:]
[Please enter your choice as the associated number: Please enter the name of your new portfolio., Would you like to add stocks to your portfolio immediately?, Please enter your desired stock in ticker form. To abort at any time, enter 'stop'., Please enter your desired quantity., Date?, Please enter your desired stock in ticker form. To abort at any time, enter 'stop'., Portfolio created with name NewP and 1 stocks., Please enter your choice as the associated number: Which portfolio would you like to add to?, Please enter your desired stock in ticker form., Please enter your desired quantity., Date?, The stocks were added successfully., Please enter your choice as the associated number: Which portfolio would you like to rebalance?, Date?, Please enter stock symbol and its weight (e.g., AAPL 0.25). Enter 'stop' to finish., Please enter stock symbol and its weight (e.g., AAPL 0.25). Enter 'stop' to finish., Please enter stock symbol and its weight (e.g., AAPL 0.25). Enter 'stop' to finish., Error during rebalancing: No data available for the symbol: NVDA, Please enter your choice as the associated number:]